I came
m
I hope you're fine
good me for the part it's fine
so I will introduce you today
do not know if you could notice
these times on youtube and videos
who hangs out like we can go to
place on 2 nov
I do not see a name bartering his sisters
insurgents t online
so I do not know if you are aware
I do not know how long it has been
exist me I discovered ya not
long thanks to the team's aston and
finally mecca of the crew on our account
Facebook
so I thought it was nice to me I you
present how does it go if you
do not know so firstly it takes
you go into the solo mode you go
go in you go do start after
I believe that these games you go in
activity or at pkoi you are replay
the missions you do you replay the
mission prologue you do the mission
actually just the beginning of the mission
you're it
in fact
to fast the invitation of a people to
a part you will join his
part like this and then it's going to make a
stutter
like what will there be the mark of de
the rohff uden on the gta map at
less there I hope it's normal I was
already I was already in departure I had
my first appearances last
position where it would have fucked me would say that in
but here it is here so you will be
in the city
you have to go back to the city
wanted to put a point where we take
the show the show the cars of
saimone said you're going here pretty much
to there and that's where the map goes
appear you can not miss from
way to the gigantic and then you
can you walk everywhere in the
world solo mode facing columbus
was limited since with the mission there
you can walk everywhere
lower because there are a lot of
black holes also for black holes
you just want to underneath the
map counts in the water but now avoid
to get out of the fish it shows when
even
these black holes the texture are not
loaded but it's really nice
change a little desert or city
etc.
it's nice more like there are ya
meerdael to say that all these goals
well, there are also the cops
against I do not know I have not tested if we
draws there is I do not know if they come
to eat it's called at 911
I carbide called the cops I have
smashed a car I'm amused
French but you can treat it well
delusions it skips a channel well
I think so
will do it
and that's it
rockstar is wounded bastards
he suffered but we think we wanted
enjoy
it's Christmas wood in the snow play down
at the eye
I also showed you the south as a
sport i think
most familiar with in lienne
under the ice
as cholera between friends can
go to the taunt that fucker here is the
lienne
and well freaked out anyway I hope he
there may be a little con this house
but now I hope there will be a day
an extension we are alienating it would not be
wrong
it's funny but have done well for
red dead with zombies so I know
not to be hungry here I say to myself I'll be
to have a good laugh here is the little part of fashion
the mascot we will say
so here I hope these videos will have you
more and then have fun in the snow
makes snowballs and
snow battles ego battles
it's the same
you do not slip west car asshole
you are the arrival so yes that to the children
but